# Project-Pyhton
Completed a solo project using pyhton on Jupyter Lab
the instrcutions were as follows-
Completed a solo project using pyhton on Jupyter Lab the instructions were as follows- Define a problem as per your data, mainly why you have chosen the dataset and what goal you want to achieve. example, from customer data with following attributes (Player ID, Age, Points, Rebounds, Assists, Length of Playing and, Ranking), based on different attributes we can predict the Ranking of membership, as you can see Ranking is part of dataset. Seem like its Regression (if we consider Ranking a number) or Classification (If we consider Ranking a Category) problem. Provide the dimension of Dataset using Python functions (Rows and Columns). Provide the details of all Attributes (Their description, datatype, general values like max, min, avg). Provide analysis related to attributes in comments. Provide details of missing values (How many missing values (if any) are there in data. Provide analysis related to missing values in comments. How did you handle the missing values? Provide detailed comments. Provide details of duplicate values (if any). Provide your analysis related to duplicate values in comments. How did you handle the duplicate values? Provide detailed comments. Generate boxplot to show outliers in data? Change at least one of the continuous attributes in your data to categorical and apply binarization and discretization on one of categorical attribute. Generate Correlation matrix, provide comments related to correlation findings. Generate Heatmap to represent Correlation between attributes, provide comments related to correlation findings. Completed all steps with full accuracy!
